if you thought things were expensive now
you ain't seen nothing yet you came here
for the truth so let me unveil that for
you today we are going to talk about how
this is the next phase this has begun
and even the Rothchilds are talking
about it you think I'm joking just wait
cuz I'm going to show you right from the
horse's mouth oh yeah and by the way
balfor keep that in mind the first thing
I want to talk about is gold hitting new
record highs again you are seeing this
at a time in which we're being told hey
everything's just fine everything's a
okay okay right and yet here we have it
what about this a dual win for consumers
inflation cooled last month Paving the
way for borrowing costs to come down
more hey all they got to do is cut
interest rates but what happens every
time they cut interest rates that's
right asset prices go up you don't have
a chance as an average person you are
getting there's like this disconnect in
between you and that asset further and
further and further and further but who
wins it's those who own it all the black
rocks the vanguards and so on we have
real inflation though not not the stuff
they tell us oh yeah inflation's going
down sure look one example pay per mile
car tax will charge drivers ,000 pounds
for the average mileage this has been uh
pilot and they've talked about it in the
United States what are they doing this
for well of course to limit where you
can go we're going to limit it through
taxation we're going to limit it through
regulation we're going to put some sort
of Levy tax fine something on you to
ensure that you stay right within those
boundaries you better believe it okay we
have crime that's going up in this case
this article is just talking about ID
theft and false credit applications
Drive 54% surge in autof fraud it's
going on all over but what's happening
is that when you incentivize the crime
it will increase and you don't
disincentivize it people are going to do
it it's happening all the time it's
happening everywhere there are real
levels of inflation today that you
cannot deny but I'm going to show you
something else I'm going to show you
what's going on in China how this is a
leading indication of what's coming to
the global economy I'm going to show you
what the Rothchild said and we're going
to look at a few other things you got to
stick with me look before for that I
want to show you this Don't Look at Her
She's Mine but this is the money GPS
Finance Friday giveaway and what I am
doing here is part of this I got this
service that's like free and you could
sign up one of the members of the
finance Friday has sponsored a spot so
that one person every week rotating in
we're going to do this once a week and
you could have a chance to get a free
seat in the money GPS Finance Friday
only apply if you are you know able to
be there on the Friday Session 9 p.m.
eastern time it's going to open up it's
going to be open for a few days you get
in you put your email address in there
and then it's going to pick a random
winner and then you will be on the
finance Friday you can come in totally
free and I want to thank the person
who's part of the membership who's
sponsoring this so that you can have
a session there so thank you to that
person and everybody I will put a link
down in the description I'll try to put
that in the comments as well so that you
can get in I want to see you there
look we're we're seeing the next phase
and I always look at China first you
could look at China and South Korea
those are two very important places
because those are where things happen
before they happen elsewhere you could
talking about semiconductors you're
talking about raw materials so you find
uh the answers there First China weighs
injecting $142 billion of capital into
top Banks they're doing this theyve
reduced their Reserve uh requirement
ratios I talked about this extensively
on the finance Friday session that we
had uh shout outs to everybody in the
group you look you can see Chinese
stocks post their best week since
2008 after stimulus Blitz well what was
happening was that the stocks had come
down sent was down all these tech stocks
which in the United States were oh
they're performing so well well in China
they were not doing good at all and like
they would come up for a little while
then they get smashed down again well
you can see here China's once Mighty
credit cycle is a fading force on the
World Market pblc disavows debt L growth
seeks better use of old loans households
and businesses shun credit anyway amid
the housing crash so they're they're
hesitant they don't want to do what they
did before they don't want to get
themselves into a mess and this is part
of this very difficult position that the
Chinese government is in right now this
is the uh China credit impulse something
that everybody should be aware of and I
believe that this is a very good
indication of things to come or
potentially if you pull this back over
the last 5 years you see that blue line
that's the China credit impulse and then
you look at housing prices and the stock
market in China and you could see
they're they're roughly correlated and
so if they're going to inject more
Capital that could push things up higher
and then usually what occurs is that
this follows into the global stock
market the global economy inflation
begins elsewhere keep that in mind we
all have this this idea by the way of
the US versus China and so you could see
the measurements of the two and they're
trying to make a point here that's not
what I'm getting again it's interesting
the chart is interesting but we always
look at these two things like there's
the US versus China yes that's right but
really this is just um you
know it's for the you know the the the
people who are not in the
no there are no borders when it comes to
the milit military-industrial complex
funding both sides of the war the
financial
establishment and their ability to
ensure that people stay where they are
they locked down the whole world the
whole world was locked down if you
remember it was all synchronous
understand that central banks work
together it's not the US versus China
it's the US versus China and behind the
scenes it's the US and China and Europe
and Africa and Asia everybody's all
working together
but don't want want to get too deep
right don't want to get too deep but
people people can't figure that out
um what's real though okay let's
talk here we have it Global easing cycle
set to continue after Swiss cut so the
Swiss National Bank
ECB uh the Bank of Canada three times
already the Federal Reserve they are all
cutting interest rates they are doing
this while asset prices globally are
near or at alltime record high
particularly in the US okay they're
doing this what do you think is going to
happen what do you think is going to
happen
now bear in mind if we go into a major
recession there's like Mass job loss
like something chaotic is happening okay
but if it's a mild to moderate recession
you know not not too big it's like
sluggish you know some some layoffs
thousands of layoffs here thousands of
layoffs here then what happens after a
reasonable period of time short period
of time in fact asset prices can go
higher and this is going to be
devastating because price inflation will
follow and you will see the average your
average daily things you thought they
were expensive today you thought
insurance was expensive today you
thought anything that you need for your
daily life was expensive oh just wait
just wait and what about this Rothchild
and Co even I couldn't believe this Bal
he's got his name on here which I found
interesting that's a whole different
thing but the easing cycle commences
even the Rothchilds at least their
business here are acknowledging what's
happening that's right the Federal
Reserve they're talking about this and
what it means I think it is very
important to see what their the actions
of the different central banks I look at
what's happening with the ra child and
with what Vanguard and black rock are
doing and I connect it all together and
I have been able
to look at all of this and see that this
is part of this next cycle that is being
prepared what does that mean for you
well for you as an individual you need
to understand that things will become
more expensive yes there will be some
turbulence yes there will be hard times
but you've got to understand you got to
get your stuff together do whatever you
can do if you're like totally lost
you're like I don't know what to do I
have a free completely 100% free
financial education course you'll be
finished in 20 minutes 20 minutes that's
how fast they made it it's called
Compass the money gps.com
Compass when you get on there you watch
all those videos you got your financial
Foundation okay then you could you know
read books and all that different stuff
but this is like the absolute Basics
that you need to understand if you don't
understand what's in compass you're
going to struggle with the rest so so
check out compass I didn't ask for an
email address I didn't ask for you know
any sort of pay wall or log in nothing
just watch the videos theone gps.com
compass then you can go on and there's
deeper stuff but what you need to
understand is if we're moving into an
inflationary world my goodness you have
to be prepared for that if if this is
not inflation where we are
today what's going to happen what's
going to happen and now that's why we
have to get the pillars of prosperity
two things number one we've got to be
more self-sufficient we have to to be
more
self-sufficient look at a lot of the
places that people have land they don't
even use it it's not a big deal to have
some Gardens you can grow even in the
cold of climates with very little effort
uh you can grow some food like a good
percentage of the year just with some
plastic up on top of those um you know
those garden beds it's not a big deal
you got to get on that or and or you got
to increase your income as substantially
as possible I talk about all of that
building businesses and things on my
Sunday business live session um if
you're not part of that I understand
like if you're if you're busy or
whatever but you got to then be be
prepared to um you know deal with the
consequences of the inflation I'm
helping people uh far beyond anything
I've seen before um I just compare it to
uh what the others are doing out there
and uh you know I just see it they're
like yeah I'll give you the free stuff
oh just give me your email address then
what are they doing they're trying to
get you into a squeeze thing they're
trying to squeeze the money out of you
I'm just literally just extending my
hand and saying look here's um you know
here's what you can do and and trying to
help as much as possible if you want to
get on the free like you're not you know
you're like I don't know if I want to
commit or not to this thing I don't know
if it's if if it's for me try try to get
on this thing Jenna yellen's there but
like I said don't don't don't talk look
at her she's she's mine um but uh you
can get in apply and you know however
many people are going to be in on it I'm
not sure but the chances of winning are
pretty high and so you can do it next
week and the next week and the next week
and hopefully uh you'll be that one so
when you get on you're going to do this
and then I think it stops on the
Wednesday and then I'll notify you and
then on that Friday that Friday you have
to be available so um you know Friday
9:00 p.m. eastern time I hope that you
will be able to join hit that link in
the description and I'll see you next
time thank care